Document additional-deps and runtime package store (#368)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-instrumentation: docs/USAGE.md

binding redirect makes the application dependent on a version of `System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource`
that is not available during building time.

> #### Additional-Deps and Runtime Package Store

Reviewer: shouldn't we clearly say that it is ONE of the possibilities to fix the issue?
The next section `.NET Core Dependency File` is also about resolving assembly conflicts. The users may think that they need to follow both instructions

Author: Realized information was lost during the commit, will get it updated.

To resolve assembly version conflicts in .NET Core, set the environment variables
[DOTNET_ADDITIONAL_DEPS](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/blob/main/docs/design/features/additional-deps.md)
and [DOTNET_SHARED_STORE](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/deploying/runtime-store) to below value.

| Environment variable | Value |
|-|-|

> | `DOTNET_ADDITIONAL_DEPS` | tracer-home\AdditionalDeps |
> | `DOTNET_SHARED_STORE` | tracer-home\store |

Reviewer: 1. `OTEL_DOTNET_AUTO_HOME` describes `tracer-home` as `Installation location.`
2. I prefer using `/` instead of `\` when somethin is not tightly-coupled to Windows

```suggestion
| `DOTNET_ADDITIONAL_DEPS` | `%InstallationLocation%/AdditionalDeps` |
| `DOTNET_SHARED_STORE` | `%InstallationLocation%/store` |

Where `%InstallationLocation%` stands for the OpenTelemetry .NET Auto-Instrumentation installation location.
```
